finally welcome back to the podcast we
have finally your better half
Carla iPod my pod my bed what anyway so
anyways what do you think about yo well
yeah I hate when people say that shit
I'm sorry my bag my bag my bag or is it
my bag which one is dad my bad what does
that mean my bad I did something wrong I
don't get them in a state did something
explain this to me my bad like my
mistakes bad no same thing is my mistake
basically so my bad means my mistake
yeah anyway sorry anyways what do you
what do you think about our new podcast
room we spent about a week this room
sucks I'm surprised my wife even walked
in this room you know this room looks
like no not that I would know
an old Chinese massage parlor like
Robert crafts green woods is green
curtains yeah the green thing is almost
touching its God you got some couch from
1965 Florida some old lady died sided
and sat in front of her freaking house
down the block
don't tell me this hat you got just got
dropped the Brigid Street no I got it
from actually a dead lady she passed
away in her house and then those like a
furniture sales had come get everything
you want
everything's hunter buffs went about
that couch then I went to I the old dead
lady's Florida bamboo orange couch
because that's cool and then I got God's
hands I got you cheap I got the
Michelangelo whose hands are they it's
God creating Adam alright that's God
they saw a miss pains God's hands the
famous painting on the Sistine Chapel
Cheryl it's two people almost touching I
can't even tell maybe once a female
one's a male well my mom said that God's
a woman getting a Polish you don't see a
ring my mom told me I should paint God's
fingernails cuz it's a woman understood
stupid they go we almost touched I don't
know things creating I think the guy was
smoking opium back then the 16th century
opiates they're smoked opium ooh you're
smoked it
my life like working yeah heads or
doesn't work I've heard that watching
their movies Vietnam okay so you're
sitting out in the back of a nice studio
is some fukaku I feel like I'm in a
trailer with the paneling on the wall
the green curtains the old Florida couch
that we're kind of queued up furniture I
don't see this is your grandma's shit
did you go to Grandma's house and steal
or shouldn't bring it over here or what
yeah and what the hell is the story of
this park bench what about the table to
say an old freakin barn door all chipped
up here and have stain and stuff stupid
why must you be so stupid you could have
gone and got a decent conference table
like next to nothing some decent office
chairs you gotta look at way
professional I can't stand you I can't
stand being around your ignorance you're
so fucking Loserville
i watch Trump the other night am I
talking too much
okay pissing Carl off Carla how have you
been how's your new house good yeah yeah
the Beauty and the Beast house yep the
beauty of bees castle guess whose beauty
guess who's the Beast
pretty obvious and beat out there like
the stupid clock that's who he is the
fridge clock on the French clock he
ain't ticket you definitely don't know
what time it is
that's for damn sure you don't know what
time it is your life is what day is it
you're like an out of space you just
float around and out of space and get
mad yet okay sorry I forgot crawl was
here I'm sorry you like to lie initely a
lot of things how do you like how do you
like new house how do you like my new
lions the lion that you stole from us
borrowed
the most the one I really like you like
that lion Carla take the ugly one I
didn't wanna give ya the ugly one
waiting too much really so much how
heavier than that one yeah because it
mean Erin are trying to move a line into
the back of a u-haul rental truck I got
on video yeah it's pretty bad okay carry
the line taking wines out now put them
in the house taking them out of the
house have you met the neighbors here no
he's trying to meet us but we have been
smashing on me every time you uh try to
do a network house gate buzzer hey can
we get somebody for snow you been a
bagel over here won't we can we won't we
wanted to talk to Carla today we're
already rolling oh well that was goal
there were some good or some good
comments in there all right Carla what's
up Carla not much how you doing good
what'd you do today what's that what's a
day in the life of Carla consist of
because it's interesting people that
watch Ben want to know about you so I
figured I'd ask what it would have been
so Carla what's it like being married to
this man right here very interested yeah
yes entrance every day what did you what
did you do today walk me through your
day today today yeah let's see
woke up Esther early because I was gonna
make breakfast for areum talking if the
we go uh today the next six days thirty
that's early he does a wake up till like
noon nine nine the latest yeah I can't
believe he smoked you let him smoke in
the bed he's not supposed to the other
day we went in there and wake him up me
and Jimmy Hart and he lit up cigarettes
as soon as he woke up maybe five seconds
after he opened his head yeah but she's
not there when I do it she's already
gone with the kids yeah but still it
makes the she's not here and she's gone
with the kids and by the time she comes
back the housekeeper's probably already
went in there
sure I guess and I keep air freshener
there too okay what's not bad then yeah
this is a no I smoked inside someone
chichi oh just open your big mouth i
ratted on you cuz I'm a rat who you are
a rat face road tremor like the paper
says doing like the hotel does yeah come
on you know what do you put me to sleep
now let's go so Carla tell us how you
met Ben how did I meet Ben I like when
he's telling better I like when you tell
how because we always hear him talk his
voice kind of gets it you know old after
a while so we want to hear your voice we
need to we needed a fresco we met you
know why I'm sure she can remember
better than you do you want you wanna
know why she can't remember how we met
why because she didn't know me when she
met me and I dropped a little something
in her drink I thought I heard a story I
understand I heard a story about in an
apartment building someone had a couple
bags full of coins or something that's
not true neither that's a fake story
that's what he said oh my god
you're making up phony stories now we
met we know each other that time make me
interrogator and I don't want to do that
right if I interrogate her then she'll
remember an inch she'll go oh yeah I
would do remember that oh yeah I do
remember that so it was in an apartment
building in Oakland is that right my
least got like am i close
yes so you lived in an apartment
building in Oakland with your family
that Ben was managing yes
is that correct or no incorrect
incorrect what's the true yeah he did
not management he owned the partment
building he owned it himself or did Mark
Wilson Anton marvelton on it or did he
actually I was living I was living there
he was he was not there he it well he
didn't open it yet and then later on he
fact-checker
go ahead you tell her then go ahead
mister I remember everything
what's your story this is one there are
two sides of every story then there's
the truth there was a building in the
City of Oakland
it was at 78 67 Bancroft Avenue can you
lean forward a little bit and this
building took up the entire block of
probably the toughest Street you've ever
imagined and you people imagine it
wasn't tough to you back tankage were
young and you got used to it but
compared to here define talk to my
future okay I should be shooting each
other you get hit my apartment building
I'll run into him uh he got really they
were there was a dog and he I really mad
at the dog and then he went back to
shoot the dog
and um and we of course kids were
running around playing and we knew of
course we saw him far away he had gone
to come and shoot the dog and out of all
people I run into him we know yeah and
he has his gun like just like swinging
around and I'm like oh I'm so sorry
and he's like no no are you okay are you
are you okay before after he shot the
dog
oh yeah he already shot the dog how old
were you 12 12 he's like are you okay
yeah yeah I'm fine
he's are you sure he's I'm like yeah
yeah I'm good Thanks
and I doesn't ran oh my god Wow jail did
he care about it I came from hardcore
places so flowers and why would the all
the flowers were in front I'm building
my first one to see it yeah why's that
everybody got shot and killed in front
of the building how often do people get
shot and killed I don't know at least
once every month maybe you are more than
that
twice a month I don't know drugs were
ramping nice and quiet and ultimately
it was crazy crazy lighting those
fighting people screaming murdered you
short yeah it was it was tough I mean
anyways to make a long story short you
want he's telling them nobody in the
entire city and it was some tough
landlords in the city - yeah would buy
this building I stood on the courthouse
steps
I used to go to courthouse and auctions
all the time banker properties and still
in the class steps it's probably about a
dozen other guys in there with big wads
of money buying real estate or having a
big giant cashier's checks bidding you
know big money hundred thousand dollars
that time and when it came time and a
guy read the case number on this
apartment village he lived in it was the
first time nobody fuckin bid on a
property really these guys were bulges
they buy anything nobody in the entire
city would buy that building and then
Ben came along and I was standing here
and I said and they said the minimum bid
once was 200 banette thousand he
wouldn't take less than that I knew the
guy who and I knew the guy who owned the
paper so it started mortgage on it so it
started to you know so I said tell you
what you know what I'll give you 250 but
you gotta give me terms I'm gonna give
you I only had fifty thousand dollars to
my name it was my first 50 grand I ever
just made my first view of mark
how'd you had the 50 grand because me
and Mark did a deal on a small deal and
we split a hundred grand it was my first
real deal okay I'm making any kind of
money on a flip right I'm selling a
property with my first deal with mark
oh I first did a period really real deal
okay so I had 50 grand and me and Mark
had a deal we said okay we're gonna buy
the building next door to us I've
already managed one for him now a little
buy one for the old lady next door it's
the same building practically I could
run one two is easy I can run one yeah
and but we're gonna be partners well
buddy I was already managing it's how
this shit for him so I said I'm gonna
give you this 50 grand that we made this
deal I'll leave my 50 in it's gonna cost
probably three or four hundred thousand
to buy the other building you're gonna
put a difference in
I put up 50 you put up 350 but I'll do
all the work
I'll run everything anywhere about shit
we split the polarity 5050
that was my first deal but I took the 50
grand and Mark Nuri looked at our
building
he wouldn't even Bailey get out the
freakin car really probably got me got
the car and we walked the goddamn
building
he said hell no really concrete's
falling in this and that but really it
was the neighborhood threw everybody off
the building was actually built it was
building a prison concrete solid every
wall like my kitchen like my kitchen
every wall was being out of block
concrete when she barely rarely see
deposits it's only the outer walls and
in the inner walls made out of wood or
now aluminum right right so we came here
mark said hell no screw this I don't
want undoing this place
he was my money man I had was the fifty
to buy it and fix it up so I made a deal
with the guy I gave the guy my 50 grand
instead of putting it for the deal with
Mark because I figured you know what's
he gonna do he can't live without me
he's just gonna have to float me to 50
grand I didn't give a fuck I was buying
that building I loved his blinds
visitability barnacles or her had your
communion I go to church I go to his
church that's like and some thousand
people and a Mexican Church I mean let's
say so I was poor she was poor
we'd have shit I was barely just trying
to make it say it I was a girl father
before I was a husband how does that
work I was you know the grandparents was
smart okay so we went to this big joint
shirts a thousand yeah you skip so much
just a like oh yeah what the building
and I was the owner that finally thank
God I said mark come on I bought the
building I cleaned everything up and
I've made friends with the right people
and get the drug dealers away and and I
got mark to probably come in and give me
the money to fix it up so wait so you
you bet he lives upstairs
how many people lived in the building
when or I bought it and you lived there
nobody well you bought it they stayed
they they condemned the place
the city boarded up the windows
condemned the place and she was the only
apartment there they were living here I
was like a caretaker okay but all the
apartments first time I've seen it every
pot was full of garbage then I came back
and I made the guy cleaning out right in
the deal so I bought it
her grandfather watches over the places
grandkids kept clean and that's the day
we I mean not today but that's the way
we met but we can see each other for a
very long time I mean like start dating
I was how old were you at this time been
you my age I know it was 1996 I believe
that we met I'm 87 86 92 10 it was 98 97
98 so you were how old the end all right
well 1991 7 1965 puts me at 32 years old
baby
[Music]
I drove a Ferrari in that neighborhood
about flying oh yeah she's everything I
went out bought a Ferrari told me not to
market dope I made another deal I bought
a Ferrari
[Music]
I was dry Safari and Red Hood in red
oh my god we shot of me one time when I
was out there ads out there really late
it was like doing a shot at you it was
the east side of it was a while I was to
be ah shit don't even go to West Oakland
she that's where you knew got killed
holy shit so anyway I want to go back
real quick to when you said you bought
that building for 250 at the auction
how did you buy how did you do it if you
only had a 50 grand after the auction
was over nobody won I'm buying or anti
real quick yes sir mr. chef sir I'm
sitting here doing all Ampang casts with
your friend Danny oh yeah I need to call
you back that's very important
all right I appreciate it thank you
right it is really important Frank
Chevis knows the lady in charge of the
entire area of The Electric Company
we need a letter from them certifying
that the average power bill is only
such-and-such at our building so our
rents will not be reduced imagine that
my rents can be reduced because of
course the utilities go up in certain
buildings I don't want to talk about in
st. Pete section 8 no it's called the
affordable housing not section 8 some
people might have said yes you don't
know anything something no you got all
types of housing you know you got
section 8 where the housing authority
issues about sure okay that person go
anywhere they want as long as you say
sure I'll think about sure then they
give you a voucher than the Housing
Authority sends you a check every month
and then the tenant pays their portion
based on their income yeah that's
administered by the local Housing
Authority okay look that's one type of
program okay then you have
HUD housing where HUD pays the rent on
everybody's involvement of that building
I bought my house from HUD different
Department
yeah it's just too hard of you around
idiots keep going it's not interrupt you
got HUD housing with housing hug pays
the rent for the entire building and you
have to qualify to be attending there
Billie or what we do is we work with
Florida housing which is the state which
gave tax credits to build the housing
okay to build affordable housing to gave
out tax credits I never talked about
this before then we run the building but
we have limitations on the buildings
such as the rents in the end kind of
people can have to live there yeah so we
have all these types of restrictions and
we have rent limits so the saying these
people can only pay so much rent in this
area and the utilities go up they want
us to lower our rent but that's part of
the game what are you die oh my god so
we need to go to utility go say hey you
know you till you're out so really
courses like tennis bills and they'll
say okay you're right
no give us a letter we go to the state
and this is okay anyway we got a special
housing where we can only rent to
farmworkers everybody talks about this
government it's so bad and all this
stuff there are buildings that were
built okay
the buildings I'm dealing with a travels
about 15 years old yeah 15 years ago
they build a shitload of what about
housing and some of them are designated
only for the poor people have to go out
and work in the fields every day you
have to rent a certain amount of that
building to only farmworkers yeah hmm
keep the rental over them interesting
all right I know it's boring to you it's
not boring smile is bullshit no it's
real estate bullshit so Carlos about 12
years old so you're about 12 years old
okay before Frank Jeff is called the guy
wanted sells building sold it to you for
250 but you only had 50 how does that
work after you up she's already smart
nobody wants his piece of shit buildings
are afraid of it I go up to as it was
how how Hutchinson and he control all
the foreclosures in that town back to
him and no and he he was a mean guy and
he didn't like anybody but there was one
person he came to like me cuz he saw our
hustle by damn ass off in the hood
that's where most of his damn business
was yeah because that's where most of
our closures took place all right anyway
so I go up the house and hey I tell you
what I'll give you 50 grand right now
you I'll owe you 200 grand okay you give
me one year to turn that place around
and I'm not gonna pay you nothing for a
year but at the end of the year I'll pay
the interest on the 200 grand I borrowed
and I'll pay you off give me one year to
turn that place around what was your
plan to pay them off to her to place
around and then we sit up rent the
unit's out get the drug dealers to move
to another block what else clean the
place up rented to Section eight every
tenant I I would not rent that apartment
to nobody but Section eight because
anyway I had the guts to live in that
neighborhood
you ain't trusted in for the money right
ain't bein is shit right so I rented a
section eight some of those tenants not
even charged and they were it was like
24 hours and bucketing keep it right 24
hours bars on your damn door right see
guys so he gave me the money to fix it
up
no nobody picks it up right so where'd
you get that money I went back to bar
guy said mark we got a problem you know
the 50 grand I'm supposed to have the
buy the building next door to your
building that really nice big great
opportunity for me I ain't getting rid
of your ham
why don't you fitting around because I
bought the building that you said you
wanted nothing to do with but do me a
favor let's get in the car
let's go over to the building and give
me one more look at it I've made some
improvements okay
he comes over there he comes around are
you smart you gotta fix shit yeah he be
cheap
we had trucks all night pumping common
old weather we had trucks back and forth
pumping concrete under the sidewalks to
bring them back up really yeah I mean
not every I mean why everything started
we started the best time to do cargo he
knows you're talking business what's the
best time of day to pour concrete
depends with your point I have a truck
right a walls or a slab
just fill it all empty hole goes the
candidates depends on the weather the
concrete walkways were actually caved in
yes next to a creek okay and that's the
only way you do anything that thing is
fill everything under it with young
curry we thought we'd have to pump a
truck maybe two trucks we either put
like six shrubs was crazy
we're the first a lot are we going
anyway went somewhere and fixed it in
but I don't have much money either and
Mark wasn't that easy with his money
back then - he was going to do a rough
time because he made some mistakes so he
was a little Trumpy little Trumpy he did
some what does that mean a little
trouble you go overboard it means you
can't you're not just happy you did
something really great appreciate it
but you're biting off more than you can
chew then they have a house of the big
opening roof laid out to build two giant
castles on top of a hill the most
expensive neighborhood Alamo Alamo Alamo
Alamo Lafayette Lafayette Happy Valley
Road rules anyway house you know
honestly it was a whole different style
it was really and then he all got in
trouble with the government and
disappeared there was selling diamonds
here in this country back in like 1989
crazy people so he got a little Trumpy
and anyway he gave me some money to fix
it up then what I used to go buy use
carpeting from a circus circus that's
what a carpet came from when the hotels
and then in Tahoe ripped out their
carpets you know in Vegas I go buy it
use for a dollar square you look like it
looked like the carpets in the Federal
Rules
you know they've got been his favorite
lines like this is just for you and I
mean there I mean invade like he just
sold it to him while he was unbelievably
great look like new of course
oh my anyway like purple bread fix it on
that please needed a big holes roof was
shot you lived in apartment honest I'd
say this I don't know how you guys
survived you couldn't breathe that
apartment you couldn't breathe that part
of in the mildew it was a swimming pool
on the roof plastic holding the water in
I'm not kidding
I shot in the water somehow my father
talking near my grandfather connected
some kind of giant tarp of plastic the
hell water and a fish in there something
I'm missing
we had no choice we had it I know he was
doing something hot water heater I
remember he did he finagled some kind of
thing you were stealing the water they
were and electric yeah at one point we
were at one point we had to get water
from the creek because yeah because it
shut your water from the creek my
grandfather clean it out but a couple
years went by and I started hustling
baby making money hmm no one else wanted
so how'd you get the 200 just pay other
guy back I got the building fixed up we
rented out to units of section agents
paid us very handsomely mm-hmm and kept
the building full it made good money I
went to the bank I refinance stickers
now the building that was only 250 is
now worth a million 250 I was fourteen
fourteen times ah yeah yeah yeah it's
worth a million to 50 a million to 50
Wow
then I got a nice big fat loan from the
bank for probably
I don't know maybe the only half of that
five six hundred grand I split it with
mark we've over got a quarter million
dollars apiece after we refinanced it
because the building is now worth more
money based on the rental income yeah so
we got a loan on it and we made money on
every month we made money we put you
know quarter million each in our pocket
that was the next big payday for me yeah
and then uh I had 250 in your pocket
yeah and then alcohol is eyes or lighten
up
I bought up a lot of shit down but then
I bought Stockton and moved our whole
family to the other side of the state
yeah just doctor California Stockton how
far away stock one for you 14 units 1090
yeah Sacramento okay so so err okay so
did you meet Carla before after you
refinance the hotel after you fix it up
there was a terminal
yeah I bought the friggin build right
when you bought it all right when did
you guys start like hanging out and you
know becoming friends I give the friends
you skip the frame did you guys start
dating do you guys ever date or meet and
got married right away confidential
information take the fifth oh nothing on
the son that shows confidential we let
it all out here in the concrete podcast
don't recall anyway like the guy in
Stockton I sold that building I moved a
whole family to stock to him and we
bought a big giant complex complex and
that one was a mother mother I have
never seen Cambodian gang members in my
life until I went there and any care
they don't care what there were worse
man the cops wouldn't come there the
cops slowly coming like gang special
gang unit ready tactical the in
Vietnamese to start shooting off ak-47s
and there was nuts
what the fuck anyway we took the
airplane my my butter and I forget she's
in here so sorry go ahead
so in my it was so we I end up leaving
Stockton and I'm like oh my god Stockton
so nice yeah everything and then later
on when I still living in the apartment
I was like oh my god another another
whoa but it wasn't so bad was it was
different it was by yourself no I walk
was in that deal I was like a deal shit
that was 90 apartments and I threw every
single person out damn everyone today
I'd want to be knock on every door the
day I've won the building we went around
putting letters out telling everybody
the building has been sold and we're
vacating it this place ain't fit for
human beings
why did you vacate it and the city
wasn't back to me all the way because it
was a friggin horrible place these
people don't ask me why they leave their
shoes off outside
oh I'll run the Doyles eat ten pair of
shoes okay and you walk in the house
they growing a fucking garden in the
living room cats trust me you don't know
you were not working the Brahmas thing I
was okay I always get my hands dirty
back then these people Cambodians these
were toughest Cambodians I don't know
where they came from I think we made a
deal during Vietnam War where they came
over here cuz they helped us people who
live rough and the young version got
mixed with the street version you know
the young version got mixed with the
Spanish gangs the black gangs and and
and anyway weights don't play right with
nobody
anyway they started adapting our whole
street mentality we get really dangerous
people
mm-hmm and your brother used to have a
lot of problems with them why your
brother well anyway so she Buddhist
Stockton I cleared out the whole we need
to get her brother on the podcast
problem was I found out the only way I
could make money on it I have to bring
in some section 8 people from Oakland oh
my god I need the clientele wasn't there
to pay to rent section 8 wasn't that big
there you kicked everybody out as soon
as you bought it so of course then I
kicked out two Cambodians they didn't
have section 8 and they made the place a
goddamn
jail jail right right and so I fixed the
whole place up but give me about fixed
oh please up and I started bringing
people in the neighborhood kind of went
bad again in a different way guess he
was there off and I was seeing it more
and yeah came in on their own
oh all the people from like Oakland
because you got overpopulated in Oakland
and the rents got too high and people
that wanted to live in suburban landy
well you sing them down that you
something I said some but not all I
needed to fill your barbershop I get top
dollar rent and these people I was a
chance to get in the city I basically I
was trying to take people out of the
city they wanted to live in a more
suburban neighborhood and use the about
sure it's transfer out there that would
better life yeah a lot of them came out
there and just look the same rough like
they left the home anyway right anyway
damn
so and it wasn't so bad but then he
brought some people from Oakland and
after that some people came from other
areas too yeah but he's the murderers
out there I was friends and something
Brian even know it I hire guys do work
for me turns out that murderers crazy
that's where you met Polly T right
friend of mine brought him to work on my
house with him one day all right Oakland
top of the hill anyway
house no I did with him no not until
like the very very end that we we
already were planning already to get
married
oh really yeah and then we we had to
change their life so let me ask you let
me ask my sister when she was 16 I would
marry for the green card right no that
was part of the deal right I mean I said
it's an obvious bonus right no I didn't
know anything about the green card I
didn't know I needed to do it no I did
not
about the visa guard today I gave her a
new silver something came in the mail
platinum air use breast guards I did not
know anything okay so your grandmother
didn't tell you because I know I don't
know I needed that no I didn't know
anything about it I mean you grow up and
you know you're 16 what that I need that
I need a green card yeah no I did not
know that and then how when did you guys
actually move out of California and
where did you go to after California
here for no no we were living here ready
Florida oh really you came so you came
straight from California to Florida yep
what made you guys do that well he well
we know for a fact we want to look at me
like that for
we know for a fact we want to have a
fresh start so in that time he was
looking where's where's what stay was
making you know it's a good what stay
was making money or ready I don't know
something he was just looking around and
then after that he realized that we he
realized that Florida was the best
there's to be and we came here one time
and I was hid we fall in love we landed
in Clearwater and I mix their water
great again that was it that was it
speaking of making clear water great
again mail us these stickers Ben malla
20 20 stickers and t-shirts and he even
got one in your size this is my size
right here this is your size for X we'll
have 4x fit you you goes walking
tomorrow you will make clear water great
again awesome
trying a new shirt these are your people
man they're making t-shirts and stickers
about you because that's how much for
any job that's how much people love you
that's fine so don't you take a joke
enjoy your need is who made you say
thank you one of our family you've got
to read the letter I'll let me read you
the letter he wrote you're gonna like
the letter yeah let down yeah I been
reading others on the microphone very
nice Ben came in read
here you want to read the letter can you
read it in the read the letter out loud
Carla you weren't you weren't Rita then
read that and make sure you talk into
the mic when you read it it's so cool
talking to the mic when you read it
February 13th 2019 hello Ben I'd like to
begin by telling you what an inspiration
that you've not only become to me but to
the young men and women across the
country you have something that no one
else seems to have on the internet
you're real
too many youth have fallen under the
spell of wealth gurus who make all their
money from convincing people that
they're rich and selling them quick and
easy path to wealth constantly
capitalizing on their failure the fact
is they know nothing they are worth
nothing and they make their living
exploiting those who don't know any
better you were on the ground floor you
came from the poorest in the most
dangerous area in New York you had to
hustle your way up to success and you
built an empire from nothing it is you
that our youth should look at - and I
thank you for taking the time to film
with Danny a garbage rat from Seminole
as I move on into the next page of my
life
I look forward to continuing to learn
from you and maybe one day I'll be so
rich you might be buying the hotels from
me
enjoy your abend 20/20 gear Thanks
can I say his name yeah Nickolas Kramer
tell him thank you thank you
Nickolas Kramer nobody has ever written
me a letter like this in my life what do
you think about that letter do you love
it well some are love letters were
pretty
but this is another context you know I
really appreciate it
this person is very educated I could not
write a letter like this high school you
were planning your future all right I
mean I appreciate it you know thank you
very much nice I'll definitely try to
shirt home but it you're gonna wash it
first try it on right now not trying all
right now why not because I said so
come on I'm not trying on right now what
are you gonna wash it make it smell like
the stuff then she makes the
housekeeper's use don't shrinkage
fabulosa anyway very nice letter and
he's absolutely right you know why
people are selling all that real estate
bullshit why cuz that's what they're
doing to make money selling real estate
bullshit okay they're making money
selling it they're so rich is so great
why would he be making money just do a
real estate they want to share with the
world what everyone shared worldwide
Roger
so that shit yeah those who can do
those who can't teach and those who
can't teach art you're like my mom your
mom's an artiste yeah sums it up yeah I
think she was a cartoonist
yeah see gerawan she made one made one
that's right anyway father was a mailman
your mommy's an art teacher that's right
and this is what happens there's one big
failure one artistic delivery you sure
she was artistic there's everything you
want to stick could be yeah maybe I'm
autistic I'm not supposed to say that my
wife said eyes will see it I apologize
okay I don't mean anything personal you
know I'm sorry autism is a very serious
thing and we're gonna leave that subject
alone so we don't get any more trouble
that's right we got--okay give you
trouble these days baby you watch her
that's right you're really worried about
nobody anyways Ben what else I don't
know Carla met and she was very young 20
years younger than me and you know it
was right because she needed me and I
definitely needed her and he definitely
lucked out I was uh it was definitely
love at first sight for her cuz I I do
remember she'll deny it I remember the
first time I seen that little twinkle in
her eyes she was very young too but it
was clean you know about 14 I beg you
standing up there on the second floor
where you live in apartment number 11 I
came in a Ferrari that day and a laundry
machine cuz if you let those quarters
sit in there one more day than they need
to
you ain't ya know quarters maybe some
practice to come over there bust their
goddamn open take a crowbar bust that
sucker open and steal all your quarters
and then you sitting here with every
scene everybody's up a bucket free let's
bust it open one time the guys brush
stole my machines from another building
luckily mark on that one
he cut the gas line on the tire picked
the dryer up a couple of dragons and let
the yeah shoot everywhere fucking Billy
and his fucking machines are down to
high school basketball forever block
away
oh that was like normal we ain't letting
you lease don't walk on their machines
oh we lose money on you so I used to
come collect the bags cousin I dropped
the bag I don't know any drop at that
day it was never never I dropped a
quarter bag was in Oakland oh yeah okay
and then the day you saw me hold those
two big bags of quarters a bigger I had
the big money bags to the of the bags
are the bank you know I'm skinnier back
then too
was he a little bit yeah yeah she saw me
there both
that was the day I legs but I was
working my way up
I wasn't that day that's been so he had
a great personality on Karla yes he did
well you know I didn't I wouldn't talk
that much we planned me back a
grandmother rough conditions let me tell
you okay so no that was not the first
time and we love upon love it
the fat it was one time he came to
Stockton yeah and it was I haven't I
don't think I haven't seen you I haven't
seen for a while and it's been a long
time at least a year so yeah and I had
to go to the opposite there is a reason
why I camera there was a reason that why
I had to go to the office I know but
you're standing right in front of the
camera so I gotta go to office one time
and that was it that was that was it no
to go to the office Oh how'd it go to
the office I forgot for what but I had
to go to the office and that was it and
I saw him and that was it that was the
day I knew he was gonna be my husband
that's crazy and you guys were you guys
were you were really young like in your
teens like 18 or 19 and then he was in
his 30s and then he always told me I'm
gonna marry you I'm gonna marry him with
you okay he would say that yeah I don't
believe him did he ever like what did he
do - look did he ever like take you out
on hot dates they take you out to ride
in the Ferrari no we need no you keep
picked up from school no well I used to
walk and then then you daddy do you have
any game at all that he like did he have
any sort of game or did he just so he
just like no you did like what did he do
like give me an example of like how he'd
know I'm that well I see I'm the one who
had to push the whole thing ya see he
was not no game no he had a game he's
just afraid I think he was just afraid
that yeah so I'm like
okay he's always problem how come he
doesn't like Mexican food I don't know
do you
very does he doesn't like some of the
stuff yeah I was eating good that was
like one that was like the best couple
months of my life that was the best year
of my life now you get ready to have a
baby any job Brahman and baby formula I
peaked I peaked
that was my peak maybe he was all
downhill the same food maybe maybe I was
at your house there today there was a
diaper sitting on top of a calculator I
know I had some shitty work to do very
very unique yeah what did I ever do we
went to Monday Monday clean diapers it's
nothing a dirty day no it wasn't a poopy
diaper with yeah but then the poop
showed up didn't it so what else Ben how
do you feel about the trumps buddy get
Trump's ex lawyer today in this
testimony you watch it all I could say
is I wouldn't want to be in his shoes I
wouldn't want to be in Trump's shoes I
would want to wear the shoes of any of
those guys their lives are screwed up
and we got way too much shit going on
too much shit all that hush money going
on flying around everywhere let's be
honest okay if you did if somebody's
gonna cause your problem
Peyman you're innocent even if you're
innocent right you settle of course
you sell shit you pay people to go away
of course okay yeah especially we got
that kind of money especially if you're
running a business whether it's true and
not true you don't need it whatever and
what's it matter it was before he became
president he was well know yeah I guess
one of them was right after he became
president listen that guy is no angel
but he's an individual
he's definitely a dangerous person to
deal with him business because he's
gonna get what everyone who's bred that
way
Bret himself that way I think oh I
watched the documentary on at least part
one I was mostly home watching part 2
tonight there's a big documentary on the
whole dynasty of the trumps and and all
the shit what's that what's it called
Trump dynasty come dynasty son buddy I'm
telling you you watch it III actually
man said man this guy is big his problem
was he had everything in the world going
for him but he got greedy and that's the
problem people are likely to get too
greedy
yeah they bite off more than they can
chew they think they can handle
everything
that's why thank god I'm at the point in
my life where I say wait a minute
mmm there's too much shit on the table
right now yeah I'm running 23 goddamn
deals a little cross the fucking state
of Florida you know I got my poor kid in
Fort Lauderdale thank God today was a
great day eight o'clock the swine get a
phone call franchises here okay they
surprise do inspections okay and here it
is a hotel I'm trying to make at least
10 million bucks or vote I need that
franchise to pass inspection okay and I
need a happy there right bitch has been
busted his butt and doing everything to
pass blue happy down this morning and
one hour that guy did I love my guy that
runs the plane and one hour we got a
plane waiting for happy at the airport
really he gets on a plane gets over a
full ordeal in another hour on the jet
of the plane we use the problem okay you
don't see that much time save a lot of
money okay
always save money we see a lot of money
but that jet fast
all right you run the jet do you ever do
come back before Lord there right yes I
was how many passes you made me sit in
the shitter to be clear I was a shooter
on a jet plane i wuold a porter potty or
abuse call it Baffert's a bad real
toilet lavatory never a real toilet I
never been there yeah underneath the
cush I'm gonna smell like poop back
there and it was hot and I had to sleep
I had to lean back up against the exit
door I was sleeping on the freaking the
emergency exit door and you know whose
fault that was yeah your sisters your
sisters my sister wouldn't know I was
gonna be on a jig on a full ordeal try
to catch her right back
if my wife damn it just my sister-in-law
what I supposed to do so my sister we
had to wait for her to get off work so
she catch a ride on the jet I had you in
a toilet and you had to it yet happy
well happy drove there that day happy
floor begging to come out yeah I'm gonna
take a guy like happy who makes me
millions of dollars and let him Drive he
drove the rental car there five-hour
trip man and what an employee likes to
he's not gonna do bullshit the least I
can do is he's going to prop planes uh
yeah Jenny likes okay at least I can do
is invite him to come back on a gentle
turn invisible turn around the car is
assistant Road back on us so had you I
had him I had his assistant broker the
kid that's his assistant he's like a
front desk manager he goes dude he
trains people doing for this he's got
people he's training people he's going
over the reports he's doing all kinds of
stuff anyway said you in the bathroom we
had happy his assistants I had the big
shot broke ass gonna sell hotels him for
me who sold it to me so he's really my
best buddy he's got a guy working for
him right I had me I had a little Ben
and my sister and your sister and the
pilot line of us a lot of people to the
gills this must be that way that trip
were eight of us it would've cost at
least 150 bucks if we went commercial
right yeah 1200 bucks
and the jet cost what 1,500 full day it
probably cost me that way 800 800 to 900
one-way one-way so about 15 to 215 a lot
of people on it it pays it's not that
much money compared to commercial sleep
you fly first-class like I do what we do
only think one or two people in this
shit gets expensive yeah but anyway so
there you go you were on the friggin jet
it was your fault I hadn't take the jet
to begin with because I already had too
many people going me
and you want to come along the film with
all your equipment and you up to damn
wait on the planes I believe I can only
put about on that twin prop for 14 we
can only put about 1200 pounds you would
have been a bring your sister back or
happy back people brought the prop plane
that's fine well happy I still gonna
squeeze in with you anyway
so that way too much right whatever so
that's the story of the plane so happy
got on planes morning got to pull audio
path now they said they got an 88 whoa a
b-plus a big hotel like that the place
was shut down not even a year ago we
bought it right from the hurricane Burma
we bought 258 rooms totally closed empty
damaged by the hurricane and we got that
sucker real butter running and rocking
and rolling now war Benson all by
himself horses we were there with
Vincent Carla fiance we had lunch
halfway through Lodge Vince disappears
because we had to go inspect like five
rooms Ben was gonna look at and we're
like oh where'd Vince go where's the
schedule rooms
oh we know what Vince is doing site in
the last minute trying to fix up the
rooms there we go out there five rooms
at the old owner was using as offices
upstairs Vincent's got a whole freakin
stable of workers upstairs probably ten
workers up there cleaning up the rooms
moving furniture around trying to get
everything busy with other things were
more important that the inspector was
looking for those rooms are worth 125
thousand a piece and they're being the
last guy had them before me let the
stupid management company use them as
sales offices instead of throwing out
the stupid gift shop that doesn't make
any money I'm making that the sales
office and giving those rooms to the
customers we're gonna make money and it
worked big money yeah so we got five
ballrooms in a place from when we bought
it to put back online that's what you
call value add value add there you go
he's learning
something Carlota ouch what else
all right so anyway call Matt now we got
Columbus we're married like I promised
yes okay we said you know what and then
15 years later she got the best
anniversary gift money can buy on
bel-air Shore yep
how do you like the house Carla do you
like it better than the other houses or
how do you feel about it
I like being on the beach full-time yeah
let's see all three of the homes start
their friends so it's hard for me to say
which one it's the best one yeah it's
like crazy because from the it seems
like such a big house on the outside and
all the talk about it once you're inside
like the main house it's not like that
much bigger than your other house yeah
exactly I mean the guest house is
beautiful it's gorgeous though you first
walked in it's not that big no it's
really not that small but really I don't
think he bought it for me I think he
bought it for himself because you really
loved that out he likes it I think he
likes it more than you how's the baby
ass yeah I got lost of that forget how
was I way too much exercise because
somebody keeps uh not close to the
elevator door the right way that's all
did you why what would a friggin
elevator to go up for the first to the
third floor no elevator
you know things slow why is there a knob
you can speed up the elevator a little
bit somewhere on there which people
ain't no goddamn rush you know that's
damn fact for you at least I've actually
done work while I'm in the elevator I
know it takes you've reserved rival does
any text before you can respond like
five emails on that on that elevator
ride it's so much big enough to put a
pretty desk in well I think ideas I'm
just living the elevators
the elevator go up and down wide it
would TVs like mic bonus you go oh my
gosh so what's like that was the power
bill in that place Oh number one I
haven't game yet and number two I don't
pay it what do you think the power bill
would be in the house gotta be crazy
what's yours I told you how to figure
out ready I know I'm just noting bill
your Shack is how much a month my power
bills like 250 a month 250 a month okay
so your house is how many square feet
we've been through this 1,800 square
feet 1500 my house is at least ten times
that your house is 20,000 square feet
you don't use the whole house so yeah
using the whole house to run power so
let's say it's 10 times with yours is so
ma'am my bills not be 2,500 a month that
might be about 800 we always only three
people living here only taking three in
the daytime I don't like to turn any
lights on you know a hundred bucks a
month is all the power bill I'll bring
it next time I want to know after you
thought new heater install the gas
that's cheap so last week we tested out
the lazy river first time I tested it
out first not the way we did what'd you
guys do is it hot in there heat it up it
was yeah it was not hot it was just it
was a hot day so yeah and it was cool it
was nice did you like going parents
always said we're gonna have a lazy butt
house lazier Browns lazier I never
actually thought we'd ever get one never
come up with it ever be able to produce
you know it's a funny kids like ooh
back then we still talked about so many
things like what we will get or you know
like I remember I would never forget
like you know we went to the hotel we're
like oh one day we're gonna you know
can't wait to own a hotel and you know
I'm just gonna press a button it says
penthouse and things like that I mean it
never came that we have a penthouse but
we do own the hotel
neighbors but I mean we I think we used
to talk about things like you know like
what are we gonna
oh one day we're gonna do this and one
day we in all of it and I'm about
nightmares to talk about that Wow
so what else Danny what else you got
that's it let's wrap it up you know I
got nothing Ben listen really Carla's
not even telling you no where near said
she's gonna deal with and I'm not even
the biggest problem I know she had a lot
of problems a big heart she does she's
taken care of she's helping her brother
through a rough time he's got a
one-year-old she's taken care of
we have our wonderful nice that were
happy to have take care of her we got
Erin she gets the best salads yes she
does
and dessert oh and desserts anyway she's
got her hands full and now because the
house is bigger yeah she went from two
housekeepers to half a week Anna no yeah
no I'm sure she thought about it but I'm
sure so how did you guys how did you
guys meet a field Afilias her name
failure Oh failure seems to be this
housekeeping supervisor at the
Clearwater Beach Hotel no I see she was
no what she wasn't yeah before that and
then somehow we needed an extra for the
commercial we didn't handle that for
your bar and grill and then I I somehow
I think Brenda actually got me her I
called Brenda Mike you have like some
really gnarly looking Mexican woman we
nice little Ollie gnarly-looking she had
the gold T she's pretty nice yeah and so
we got a likkle lollipop while she
started Jimmy Hart bouncing on the bed
and cowboy boots telling glow sticks
when your baby's commercials probably
she's very light religions she really
yes and I she didn't seem like it that
day well she has Brenda Brenda
I mean Bretton forever and it was later
brenda was telling me that she was like
I can't believe you made me through
things like that and she's like yes I
went to church he confessed over it I
bet she didn't very smart she does any
people Brenda tell you that yeah and
she's got a very busy schedule I know
she does got the kids she's got the
housekeeper's that's got a giant house
worried about this mrs. summers you come
over get it cleaned up right maintaining
it food cooks dinner every night almost
I know today we can't go out with a baby
nowhere cuz he'll go ballistic he'll
turn into chunky on us
so we can't go out dinner we ain't
really all bunch of babysitters yes so
she's gotta worry about yoga she's got
tennis thanks honey she's God I'm
surprised you know what I do know what
you do yeah try what are you gonna do a
we a track or honor if we go for some
stall tracker on the Ferrari huh on the
phone I bet you did you got a tap on the
phone you gotta try everyday believe me
I am there's not that hard fortify me is
the one element the kids what the gym
what's up with the gym a new house I
want to know are you gonna put a new gym
and I'm gonna put a gym equipment in
that new we already have a gym are you
get when you're gonna get him working
out are you ever gonna get him to
actually follow a workout schedule or
exercise I'm already starting with this
do you know what he said that his
elevator okay
Oh walking stairs yeah yeah no you saw
yes you tried it out everything I never
did go and I had all the money to go you
I need to go try that song I turned on
not coming in the sauna I likes honest
that's there's one I was in there
yesterday
do you see was a good bed you should try
this on we're gonna fit in that room
saunas are good for you you're a song
it's not about they make you live longer
no they don't
yeah they do yeah what up google it what
saunas what about him they they make you
live longer they're good for you don't
make you sweat they're good for your
body your purity is out of year and you
sweat some battle off that's not it they
do more stuff I just said you sweat the
impurities out of you all the dirty
things what oh really
yeah you should go in one for about
three days straight and I'd like to lock
you in a sauna turn it all the way up
shriven yeah my room what are you a Nazi
no I just can't hate your guts for some
reason just can't hate my godson I enjoy
hating your guts you like somebody just
you hate nice buddy you got high
tolerance I don't you can she tolerates
everybody and everything except one
person you
I'm the pincushion and sometimes when
everybody else in the world pisses her
off she takes deadpan that's right good
times we wait a bit that's right happy
wife happy it's not awful it's not a
problem
so with somebody outside of us nope
whenever I'm in that house I know I can
sense the vibe whenever I'm in there I
know I know I know what the vibe is so
if I know it's not going the right way
I bounced I'm not like some other people
that come over they're like you caused
the problem and you bounce that's what
you do you run the hell away I start the
fire than I run so you wanna know about
Carlos she's a busy woman interpreter
shit the Mexicans think of lemon you can
do anything when they cook with lemon
they make ceviche with lemon yeah they
make detergent out of them but they mess
up your teeth lemon fabuloso is my
favorite that's why I am because you
like to just eat lemons raw mm-hmm oh
yeah really yeah actually um
that's where that meanness comes out -
whoo hot chili really mean it's a true
chili yeah burn your mouth why do you
want to burn your mouth when you're
eating food ruins all experience video
where me lose weight
spicy food you don't like Mexican food I
don't like to burn my mouth with any
kind of food hey could you imagine been
on that hot wings show oh yeah super
spicy bean sauce you couldn't do it
however I'll be shooting flames in the
morning yeah she's got choice of cars
yeah she's living at mansion what's the
best part what's the best part this guy
what's the best part what's the worst
part the best part yeah so much I was
the West what's the worst part I mean I
love being with a man we have a really
good relationship yeah addicted I'm like
a drug 24 hours away from me stuck going
okay I don't know yeah I don't think
[Laughter]
that was told you know I told me every
dancer he called me I called I called
the club I called the club and I said
listen you know I could be wrong but I
see tennis charges lesson charges every
single month and they never fluctuate
and I know for a fact that we missile he
misses a lot of lessons she misses
lessons the weather stops us from
lessons do my paying for lessons that
she don't go to oh no no no you were the
only builds and losses he actually
called me I got in trouble at the club I
feel bad and he closed only build for
one hour why don't we do a lesson
you know I'll double-check but Allie
bill
lesson I don't know I'm gonna
double-check myself but he sounds like a
very nice girl it's a very nice honest
guy my question is do you win I said
don't tell my wife you mean you talked I
was innocent is that me when did this
happen
I'm sorry if I'm paying somebody money
your accuracy encounter that no that
Club sends you some bills really how
much like your mortgage okay holy shit
mortgage private golf lessons if she had
tennis lessons let me tell you I believe
you got Club you gotta join now because
you got certain friends you go to here
and you haven't joined a golf club
what's the most wait do you finance your
house yet you find out did you refile
your house oh my god what's the mortgage
you mean that they asked me like 70
grand a month yeah at 3% that's free
money but guys like me to go out there
make money yeah that's like having a
house for free three percent you borrow
money yeah no I'll tell you no I don't
even know else Carla thank you for
coming on the podcast you were wonderful
thank you and it's always a pleasure
never a pleasure to listen to you rant
for an hour but I'll put up with it to
interview Carla we were smart we did it
before you can't any last words been
yeah tonight good night Vincent passed
inspection in my in Fort Lauderdale and
we ate before we came to the podcast
right and we came today's Wednesday you
know Wednesday be free pies
and there you go see a free pie ability
a big fancy restaurant every night no
you never admit you eat at Burger King
McDonald's every day probably she don't
get to go out so we do try and once you
a little restaurant Suzie you we could
have we could have left the baby there
and dig here you came to the restaurant
with him we could away anywhere we
wanted but no we sacrifice a sofa Danny
and if you love going to free pie night
would you get at Village Inn to demotes
mmm Carla Ben did not have McDonald's
for breakfast on Monday morning all the
way there soup
what McDonald's for breakfast on Monday
morning Monday morning from McDonald's
you did not okay no I wait wait never
catch a plane
oh you're a bride to catch a plane it's
worth the reaction I gotta get on a
plane it's a little nervous I want to
have some of my belly feel comfortable
we're gonna drive through a McDonald's
and then get on the plane
that means your eternal life if you're a
brother baby baby time here we gotta go
he's alright he's away the baby soon
anyway absolutely God
we had to go back because the cheapest
had two hands yeah I know you do backer
on the drive here what is a friggin
McGriddle and sausage so the grills are
the best
you know I know I don't like that's like
the sausage with the McGriddle pancakes
the order of breakfast you don't need a
friggin egg you're an idiot
I gave that I took the goddamn he was
gonna are fuckin weird at McDonald's
they taste like they're like not our
texture like well now that I feel I know
really oh we just got your plane on the
way it's lending quick to eat next time
I'll tell you
about that okay you know what you're
walking tomorrow oh yeah you're walking
maybe walk into the beach buddy you're
doing it a mile with this time yeah
[Music]